OAuth: Allow non-loopback addresses (#1514)
librespot-org/librespot: CHANGELOG.md

- [metadata] Replaced `AudioFileFormat` with own enum. (breaking)
- [playback] Changed trait `Mixer::open` to return `Result<Self, Error>` instead of `Self` (breaking)
- [playback] Changed type alias `MixerFn` to return `Result<Arc<dyn Mixer>, Error>` instead of `Arc<dyn Mixer>` (breaking)

> - [oauth] `get_access_token` spawns OAuth listener instead of prompting for stdin, even for non-loopback IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [oauth] `get_access_token` spawns callback handler for any HTTP `redirect_uri` that also specifies a port, otherwises
listens on stdin. Previously, the handler server was only used when `redirect_uri` also specified a loopback address.
```
